# Robot Code

### Compiling

**Windows:** gradlew build

**MacOS/Linux:** ./gradlew build


**Note:** On macOS and linux, gradlew does not have permission to run immediately. Run the following: sudo chmod +x gradlew

### CrevoLib
**Purpose**: CrevoLib is a set of tools to be used on top of WPILib. It features a new project template, subsystem based, 
which is roughly based on the Command Based system of WPILib. Other features include:
* Auton Manager (Based on 254s)
* Motion Profiling Manager
    * Handles streaming and running motion profiles generated by Pathfinder to the TalonSRXs
* Joystick wrapper class for XInput controllers
* Configuration file reader
* Logging systems

### Robot-Code-2019
#### Subsystems:
**DriveTrain:** This is relatively self explanatory. Contains the source code for a two speed west coast drive. Also contains
commands for turning to an angle, driving distances, driving for a set time, and running a motion profile.

**Elevator:** Subsystem containing two commands. Default command contains the code for handling driver input. The other
command utilizes the Talon's Motion Magic control mode to run the elevator to a preset position. There is a position for every
scoring position.

**Climber:** Contains the code for both the gorilla arm, the mechanism which lifts the front wheels onto the hab platform (level 2 and 3),
and the pogo, which raises the back end of the robot to match. All code in this case is teleop and therefore only contains the default command.

**Intake:** Contains the code for the four bar intake which extends outside frame perimeter. The default command contains
driver input and sets the motor state. The setExtensionState command does what it says, sets the extension state. This is
separated from the default command due to the elevator setting the extension state.

**Roller Claw:** Contains the code for the intake mounted to the robot. This code only contains the default command as well
as a getter checking if the claw has a cargo.

**Hatcher:** Contains the code for the hatch mechanism. Contains only the default command. 

### Log Tools

Logging is done using the badlog library: https://github.com/dominikWin/badlog
To display the log in a graphical format, transfer the log file from the roborio and use the following program to convert it to
an html file: https://github.com/dominikWin/badlogvis. This file can then be opened in a web browser.
